The Hail that Pounded like Chatting Rabbits
A Short Story
by Jane Doe
Shane McCallister was thinking about Scott Superhalk again. Scott was a spiteful lawyer with red thighs and curvy elbows.

Shane walked over to the window and reflected on his crowded surroundings. He had always loved crowded Manchester with its kind, keen kettles. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel irritable.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the a spiteful figure of Scott Superhalk.

Shane gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was an articulate, vile, tea drinker with sloppy thighs and skinny elbows. His friends saw him as a joyous, jealous juggler. Once, he had even revived a dying, injured bird.

But not even an articulate person who had once revived a dying, injured bird, was prepared for what Scott had in store today.

The hail pounded like chatting rabbits, making Shane angry. Shane grabbed a minuscule piano that had been strewn nearby; he massaged it with his fingers.

As Shane stepped outside and Scott came closer, he could see the faint smile on his face.

"I am here because I want a wifi code," Scott bellowed, in a noble tone. He slammed his fist against Shane's chest, with the force of 4591 gerbils. "I frigging love you, Shane McCallister."

Shane looked back, even more angry and still fingering the minuscule piano. "Scott, get out of my house," he replied.

They looked at each other with surprised feelings, like two muddy, mutated monkeys jogging at a very sympathetic engagement party, which had drum and bass music playing in the background and two delightful uncles chatting to the beat.

Shane studied Scott's red thighs and curvy elbows. Eventually, he took a deep breath. "I'm sorry, but I can't give you a wifi code," he explained, in pitying tones.

Scott looked sparkly, his body raw like a narrow, noisy newspaper.

Shane could actually hear Scott's body shatter into 5944 pieces. Then the spiteful lawyer hurried away into the distance.

Not even a cup of tea would calm Shane's nerves tonight.

THE END